in bq we want to help understand the
animal technology to use it and be
able to create it because it is so
important for us to help
understand use and create technology
technology is a tool
transversal and much needed in the
society today and society
future and that's why we
we support the educational world to understand
that technology to be able to use
that technology in the classroom and be able
to create by adapting in each age what
they can create in the experiment
today what we have done is to introduce
0 1 12 and 23 a tablet and a smartphone
in the educational project that they
they had assembled was to work
who was van gogh who painted van gogh
and what he liked to do they have
disguised have been painting and have
worked with different tools
our tablet and our phone is a
tool more within your ecosystem
mobiles and tablets have to
enter the classroom because it's something that
is in society in the day to day
they then good after a lot
reflection
in the cloisters and with the
advice also from our the
counselor and the company in this case
bq that is the one that has bet us
we come to the conclusion that
they have to show us their world to
through tablets and mobile phones
importance of being producers of
your world with the images of what
they want not what count
we want you to count and the
freedom to be able to experience when and
as they want but also the
accompaniment of the friends of the
teachers and the process by which
they are counting
it is the ideal
I already told you
I was surprised that I knew where
there was the camera icon and also
they gave to the button and passed perfectly
the photos and they knew what it was
that make a very good tool for
use in class because it is a new
technology that they are going to have at
scope within a short time has been
instant him and the one they have caught
the phone and directly for pasta
they already knew exactly what they had
what to do could be a start to
give a different use to these new
technologies that are within reach of their
hands